fix: Fix deep link timeout bug and update docs (#14)
LemoFoundationLtd/lemo-tx: README.md

[LemoTx.createModifySigners(txConfig, signer)](#tx-createModifySigners) | Create a special transaction for modify multiple signer
[LemoTx.createBoxTx(txConfig, subTxList)](#tx-createBoxTx) | Create a special transaction for box transaction
[LemoTx.createContractCreation(txConfig, code, constructorArgs)](#tx-createContractCreation) | Create a special transaction for contract creation
[LemoTx.createPayDeepLink(txConfig)](#tx-createPayDeepLink) | Create deep links for payments
[LemoTx.createSignDeepLink(config)](#tx-createSignDeepLink) | Create deep links for signatures

> [LemoTx.parseDeepLink(uri)](#tx-parseDeepLink) | Create a special transaction for contract creation

Reviewer: ???

[LemoTx.TxType](#class-TxType) | Enum of transaction type

> [LemoTx.DeepLinkType](#class-DeepLinkType) | Parse deep link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[LemoTx.DeepLinkType](#class-DeepLinkType) | Enum of deep link
```

---

<a name="tx-createPayDeepLink"></a>
#### LemoTx.createPayDeepLink
```
LemoTx.createPayDeepLink(txConfig)
```
Create a deep link for payment and convert the constructed transaction into a link address

##### Parameters
0. `object` - Unsigned transaction like the same parameter in [`tx constructor`](#Constructor). 

##### Returns
`string` - The address of `lemo://pay?` link

##### Example
```js
const txInfo = {chainID: 1, from: 'Lemo836BQKCBZ8Z7B7N4G4N4SNGBT24ZZSJQD24D', to: 'Lemo83BYKZJ4RN4TKC9C78RFW7YHW6S87TPRSH34', amount: 100}
const result = LemoTx.createPayDeepLink(txInfo)
console.log(result)
// lemo://pay?c=1&f=Lemo836BQKCBZ8Z7B7N4G4N4SNGBT24ZZSJQD24D&t=Lemo83BYKZJ4RN4TKC9C78RFW7YHW6S87TPRSH34&a=0.0000000000000001
```

---

<a name="tx-createSignDeepLink"></a>
#### LemoTx.createSignDeepLink
```
LemoTx.createSignDeepLink(config)
```
Create deep links for signatures

##### Parameters

> 0. `object` - Trading information before signature, includes：

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. `object` - Transaction information before signature, includes：
```

    `message` - (string)(optional)Text to be signed

>     `data` - (string)(optional)The hexadecimal data string to be signed must begin with 0x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `data` - (string)(optional)The hexadecimal data string to be signed. It must begin with 0x. If `message` is set, then `data` will be ignore
```

>     `signer` - (string)(optional)Limit must use this account to sign, may not fill

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `signer` - (string)(optional) The account address who has the right to sign
```
